Warn against running `msgmerge` too often (#789)
google/comprehensive-rust: TRANSLATIONS.md

translation: you should then go over it and update it as necessary before you
remove the fuzzy marker.

> > **Note:** You should not run `msgmerge` too often. The reason is that it often
> > creates a very large diff, which is hard or impossible to review. Focus on
> > finishing the translation first and only then start incorporating new changes
> > with `msgmerge`.

Author: ```suggestion
> **Note:** Until the translation is complete, you should either run `msgmerge` or
> update the PO file for your language. Avoid mixing the two since it often creates a
> very large diff, which is hard or impossible to review. When the translation is complete,
> run `msgmerge` to incorporate changes in the English text.
```
